README.md, before:

# Build a Kubernetes cluster using k3s via Ansible

Author: <https://github.com/itwars>

## K3s Ansible Playbook

Build a Kubernetes cluster using Ansible with k3s. The goal is easily install a Kubernetes cluster on machines running:

- [X] Debian
- [X] Ubuntu
- [X] CentOS

on processor architecture:

- [X] x64
- [X] arm64
- [X] armhf

## System requirements

Deployment environment must have Ansible 2.4.0+
Master and nodes must have passwordless SSH access

## Usage

First create a new directory based on the `sample` directory within the `inventory` directory:

```bash
cp -R inventory/sample inventory/my-cluster
```

Second, edit `inventory/my-cluster/hosts.ini` to match the system information gathered above. For example:

```bash
[master]
192.16.35.12

[node]
192.16.35.[10:11]

[k3s_cluster:children]
master
node
```

If needed, you can also edit `inventory/my-cluster/group_vars/all.yml` to match your environment.

Start provisioning of the cluster using the following command:

```bash
ansible-playbook site.yml -i inventory/my-cluster/hosts.ini
```

## Kubeconfig

To get access to your **Kubernetes** cluster just

```bash
scp debian@master_ip:~/.kube/config ~/.kube/config
```

Commit message:

readme notes for the fork

README.md, after:

# Build a Kubernetes cluster using k3s via Ansible

Author: <https://github.com/itwars>

## two-tauers notes

As stated below, these playbooks assume the hosts are accessible over ssh, so if you haven't set it up, you might want to have a look at [two-tauers/baseline](https://github.com/two-tauers/baseline) repo.

The change in this fork is the [inventory for `two-tauers`](inventory/two-tauers.yaml). If you follow the same convention as in the baseline, it should work out of the box:

```
ansible-playbook site.yml -i inventory/two-tauers.yaml
```

Otherwise, adjust it according to your setup.

## K3s Ansible Playbook

Build a Kubernetes cluster using Ansible with k3s. The goal is easily install a Kubernetes cluster on machines running:

- [X] Debian
- [X] Ubuntu
- [X] CentOS

on processor architecture:

- [X] x64
- [X] arm64
- [X] armhf

## System requirements

Deployment environment must have Ansible 2.4.0+
Master and nodes must have passwordless SSH access

## Usage

First create a new directory based on the `sample` directory within the `inventory` directory:

```bash
cp -R inventory/sample inventory/my-cluster
```

Second, edit `inventory/my-cluster/hosts.ini` to match the system information gathered above. For example:

```bash
[master]
192.16.35.12

[node]
192.16.35.[10:11]

[k3s_cluster:children]
master
node
```

If needed, you can also edit `inventory/my-cluster/group_vars/all.yml` to match your environment.

Start provisioning of the cluster using the following command:

```bash
ansible-playbook site.yml -i inventory/my-cluster/hosts.ini
```

## Kubeconfig

To get access to your **Kubernetes** cluster just

```bash
scp debian@master_ip:~/.kube/config ~/.kube/config
```
